# Cloud Computing as-a-service types:

## On-prem(Private Cloud):
	• Privately held Infra, Maintained by Consumer.(Everything is managed by User)

## Infrastructure as a service (IaaS): Based on flexibility to install the s/w, patch, maintenance etc
	• Provides you the maximum amount of control for your cloud resources.
	• The cloud provider is responsible for maintaining the hardware, network connectivity (to the internet), and physical security. 
	• You’re responsible for everything else: operating system installation, configuration, patching, and maintenance; network, database and storage configuration. 

- With IaaS, you’re essentially renting the hardware in a cloud datacenter, but what you do with that hardware is up to you.  
- Eg. Azure VM, AWS EC2, Oracle Cloud, For IT Infra Team
- Lift-and-shift migration: You’re standing up cloud resources similar to your on-prem datacenter, and then simply moving the things running on-prem to running on the IaaS infrastructure.
- Testing and development: You have established configurations for development and test environments that you need to rapidly replicate. You can stand up or shut down the different environments rapidly with an IaaS structure, while maintaining complete control.


## Platform as a service (PaaS): `Readymade Platform to Use/develop,` Fully Managed by Cloud Provider
	• In a PaaS environment, the cloud provider maintains the physical infrastructure, physical security, and connection to the internet.
 	• They also maintain the operating systems, middleware, development tools, and business intelligence services that make up a cloud solution. 
	• In a PaaS scenario, you don't have to worry about the licensing or patching for operating systems and databases.

Eg. Heroku, Google App Engine, Force.com, Development framework, for Developer, Azure App Service, AZ COSMOS DB


## Software as a Service (SaaS): Only Data & Access
	• Software as a service (SaaS) is the most complete cloud service model from a product perspective. With SaaS, you’re essentially renting or using a fully developed application. Email, financial software, messaging applications, and connectivity software are all common examples of a SaaS implementation.
	• While the SaaS model may be the least flexible, it’s also the easiest to get up and running. It requires the least amount of technical knowledge or expertise to fully employ.
- Eg. Email and messaging, Business productivity applications, Finance and expense tracking, Salesforce, Gmail, Office 365, Google Drive, For Anyone
