1. `Azure Active Directory (Azure AD): Cloud based IAM tool`. A cloud-based identity and access management service.
2. Azure Information Protection (AIP): A cloud-based service that helps organizations classify and protect sensitive information.
3. Azure Security Center: A unified security management solution that provides threat protection across hybrid cloud workloads.
4. Azure Security Center Standard tier: An advanced security management solution that provides advanced threat protection, security alerts, and security recommendations.
5. `Azure Sentinel: A cloud-based SIEM` (Security Information and Event Management) service that provides intelligent security analytics.
6. `Azure Virtual Network (VNet): A logically isolated network` in the Azure cloud that enables secure communication between Azure resources.
7. Conditional Access: A feature in Azure AD that enables administrators to set policies that control access to applications and resources based on various conditions.
8. `Key Vault`: A service that allows customers to protect and oversee `cryptographic keys and confidential information.`
9. `Network Security Group (NSG): controls traffic flow to and from Azure resources.` it's like a firewall.
10. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM): A security management strategy that merges security information management (SIM) and security event management (SEM) to offer immediate analysis of security alerts generated by network equipment and applications in real-time.
11. `Secure Score: How good the security porture` A feature in Azure Security Center that provides a score based on an organization’s security posture and provides recommendations to improve security.
12. Threat Intelligence: Information about potential or actual security threats, such as indicators of compromise (IOCs) and malicious URLs, that can be used to improve security defenses.
13. Virtual Private Network (VPN): A secure connection between two networks that allows remote access to a private network, such as an Azure Virtual Network.
14. Organizations can enforce Conditional Access policies for external B2B collaboration and B2B direct connect users in the same way that they're enabled for full-time employees and members of the organization.
15. 

